hey guys welcome to the 2017 Blizzcon
hyper tour presented by omen we're gonna
try to do this walking tour from one end
of the convention center to the other as
fast as we can
I got a timer going let's say two
minutes ready set go boom to our right
we have the art gallery where Blizzard
designers have created art pieces that
they are auctioning off for charity
charity auction to the right even
further in the back we got the World of
Warcraft competitive stage going on to
the left we have the people viewing and
trying out the new battle of Azeroth
beta expansion that they are putting out
they just announced it today
look at that Illidan statue beautiful to
our left we have the eSports gear bar
where you can buy all of your gear
eSports swag back this year was a blaze
con backpack with little pin stamps that
you could you know trade with your
friends stick on your back package like
a patch look I have one right there it's
just a penguin this is the heroes of the
storm stage or the doing the heroes
global championship right now over here
we got the all-access Blizzcon channel
you got Michelle Mauro you got the other
two guys I just love Michelle Mauro so
much so that's why I focus on her
walking takes a lot of brainpower
do we have the MLG checkpoint it looks
like they're doing a bunch of highlights
and stuff to the right we have one of
the most important things at the venue
the snack bar this is my workout for the
year all right let's see this is gonna
be the hardest part we're gonna just
backpedal through all of this God how
have they not kicked me out of this
Convention Center already Travis does
not pay me enough for this this is the
Starcraft tournament right before it was
hero playing against rogue I do not know
who won everyone is lining up to play
the new hero Moira oh my gosh my calves
are killing me that is a gorgeous
cosplay to my left right there and look
at him go okay now we are heading up to
the hearthstone area it's in the near
wall North Pole
we're now in the darkmoon faire to our
right we have ping trading all these
cute little shops and to the left we
have catch pond food beverages this
place is really cool we have found our
way into the tavern we got on our left
side equals and catacombs demo tests we
have some awesome hearthstone game devs
doing some signings we have our big
hearthstone stage for the hearthstone in
vut ational just see what he did there
ben brode jokes trademarks overwatch
jerseys ok let's back up through this
line I feel like this is kind of like a
marathon whoops almost backed into diva
increase your APM girlfriend alright and
we are ha where did we end up it kind of
looks like the omen arcade booth that's
right ladies and gentlemen if you are
here at Blizzcon and want to play with
your friends come play win a loop box
oh man arcade hashtag sponsored hashtag
I can't feel my calves
that was our hyper-fast Blizzcon virtual
tour let's check the timer we're at 5
minutes that's 3 minutes over what I
thought we were going to do in come a
little out of breath so if you want to
catch more of our police con coverage
where I can breathe properly and I don't
have to dodge hundreds of Blizzcon
attendees
stay tuned for more on our Channel